arch/risc-v: introduce AIA support (#12804)
apache/nuttx: Documentation/platforms/risc-v/qemu-rv/boards/rv-virt/index.rst

  $ make
  $ sudo make install

Minimum Requirement
===================

> The table below list all the minimum version for the QEMU and OpenSBI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The table below lists all the minimum versions for QEMU and OpenSBI.
```
